InnovMatch

Project that allows programmers and consultants to solve problems from the real 
world using SAP Cloud technologies. 

Atlantic Group

Wanted to improve their logistics, not something fancy such as analytics. 
Atlantic Group has a digital transformation plan: need to have the basic 
technologies up and running first before doing machine learning, establish a 
technological foundation, want to get more out of existing technologies.

Has a large IoT project for syncing a lot of coffee machines and a project for 
trying to predict employee attrition rate.

Have a logistic process made up of three diagrams.
Problem: the whole delivery process is invisible to the customer and
some processes are also invisible to the Atlantic Group as well.
Improvements: want to implement surveillance (of the driver, of huge importance!),
want to know what happens on the field (during the trip), want to track every 
part of the process.
Some processes can be eliminated as they are not needed if they are completed 
digitally. Eliminate the paperwork, do it digitally with a digital archive.
Dispatchers have a lot of calls asking about why the goods haven't been 
delivered to the customer. These calls are made by the sales force.

When an order is given, the orders should be tracked by both the customer and 
Atlantic Group. Info should be extracted effortlessly for analysis. Track the 
delivery process and make sure the papers are digitised (electronic signature, 
by being able to edit orders on the field [cross out 100, put 80 and deliver 20 
goods back to the warehouse]).

Make the app as simple as possible as a driver has to be able to use it without 
training.

Once you start collecting all of this data, try to do something with it.

The customer will need to have a paper copy of the delivery, but Atlantic Group
wants to replace their paper documents with digital ones.

Integration points with an existing solution: they have it, but should be asked
through email.  Integration is not as important.

For a proof of concept (which is all they are asking for), integration is not a 
major point.
